Docs fixes & improvements (#453)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_performing-a-fast-forward-upgrade-on-compute-services.adoc

  ${BASH_ALIASES[openstack]} server --os-compute-api-version 2.48 show --diagnostics test --fit-width -f json | jq -r '.state' | grep running || echo FAIL
----

> [NOTE]
> After the data plane adoption, the hosts continue to run RHEL
> {rhel_prev_ver}. In order to take advantage of RHEL {rhel_curr_ver},
> perform a minor update procedure after finishing the adoption
> procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
After the data plane adoption, the hosts continue to run Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)
{rhel_prev_ver}. To take advantage of RHEL {rhel_curr_ver}, perform a minor update procedure after finishing the adoption procedure.
```
